Support withdrawals in Airnode examples, add "derive-airnode-address" command to admin CLI (#764)
api3dao/airnode: packages/airnode-examples/README.md

This will use the deployer to remove the Airnode lambdas from the cloud provider.

### 19. (Optional) Make a withdrawal request

> Withdrawal request makes the Airnode return the funds of particular sponsor wallet back to sponsor. Doing this step is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Withdrawal requests instruct the Airnode return the funds of particular sponsor wallet back to sponsor. This step is
```
